the obstacles
Yup
once upon a time
in a land in london
i am raven queen i am the daughter of
bad queen
and I promise we go strength I raven
was about to make the most important choice
of his life
what are you doing to start from
day of promise instead okay for
only one narrator at least begins
from the beginning where the division comes from
between real yesterday man 2 goes well listen
all carefully this is the story
of ever rai auctions
a school for the children of the characters
of the most famous fairy tales of all but
this year was very special the i
ever after all students
listen to the story of raven a rebel
this was the year it would be
celebrated the day of the promise
a very important event during
which students would have sworn to
follow in your parents' footsteps in
it will be better for them otherwise in other words
I'm told the story if not
his and those who do not both stop
fight over all the cups you stand with
talking to storytellers of course
you certainly can't hear them raven alone
I can
yes I agree and I can speak now
I'm sick that everyone is convinced that
I am evil because my mother is
bad queen
it's not fair nobody thinks about you
and sometimes you seem crazy to me
it is the height
the daughter of the hatter mad by me
of the map you have to stop
worry everyone at school loves you
it would appear in Corinne escaped and
Evil escapes have you seen
the stubborn ones adore you the most tell you
like thanks also life for raven not
it was always easy to feel sad about it
rightly so its destiny is of
being bad can't keep quiet for
30 seconds
hello ravenna you already know the wonderful snack
sorry i do not know what has to do the snack and
I would ask you if you want to sit down but I am
bad then to sit as you should
be ok
no raven i am from ex tester charmin le
my brother lines
forget it like everything
fabulous apple wipro what a pleasure bye
hi I warn you, don't look at my teeth
you know I just bleached the bell
I have to go, Economy and Management in
kingdoms history of curses is precisely the
perfect material for you is not true her
it is how we go
sorry I have a bit of a cold
when he raven that night he went to his room
on the web did not imagine what a surprise
same aspects welcome companion of
very fun apple room but mine
roommate for the better you are wrong
from you that you have a very important flight
in my fairy tale
he knows well then I fall asleep incipe you
wake up with a kiss bla bla bla la
I know history then of us
I asked the green principal if we could
laugh in the same room and we have
said yes but from a lovely home
but no no nothing but I'm sure a
hard roja cohabitation with me only kind
beautiful and beautiful song
songs are the little animals of the forest
the birds roam the comments on the
theme get fat back from
show is over
I've already got your half
of the room is not wonderful mica
evil state 0 wild I believe will be a
very long year and here we are at rehearsals
for the ceremony of the day of
promise
you will have to take your magic key
insert it in the book of destinies
then at attention promise to
whole world to follow yours
destiny
I was clear enough months of
grimm and if I now have a momentary question
now we will practice with this little one
manual of the fundamentals of the rules
school
who wants to start
I will not encounter a tunic to follow
my destiny and become the next
great when in wonderland
that's why the next are under
ansmann promise to follow in the footsteps of
my father become the new hunter
fables brandi rho the threat with
great courage and really annoys now
I'll show you the next is not yes
web and I promise to follow my destiny e
to be the next pinocchio share e
not to be next to pinocchio is
in fact tilke i 'm school i can't
tell lies but one more day he aimed
question is means i will become like
my dad after that i wo n't be like 2 al
next one
i am raven queen and i promise to
follow my destiny as spouses I would
a question is what i was wondering
here is what would happen if I
I didn't want to make the promise what I have
only asked a question but certainly now
I'll explain if you won't promise to follow
his destiny
his story will cease to exist
will cease to exist
then in that case it will be me
also line will cease to exist
so Miss Queen wants to continue
Cricket principals I have to think about
in the depths of the underground school
there were some forgotten fables
that he felt what was happening
what screen the brother of the principal myth
the bold stands out the flight fights his
reputation
but what will happen if they get up tide already
what ever will happen here is so
that you conclude your story that
it doesn't go down that my suggestion
craft